# Meeting log for Apr 8 scrum call
Mariana - finished UAT plan for 3 features. Researched APIs for notification system and created a doc with options to determine from. Mailgun was the choice.

Avery - Made some logos, also looked into group creation through the UI.

Tyler - Adding more styling to pages with potentially bootstrap, looked into clock API and other avenues since most major tasks are in use

Connor - Wants to move on to refining other pages since there isn't too much time left on the login/register, did general refinements on those pages

Mason - Worked on initial data to the database with bcrypt, wants to move onto integrating data with UI now

No other major points of interest or reccomendations from scrum master
