Avery was working on the group functionality. We discussed the project to make sure everyone is on the right page. She is working on the routes and test cases.

Mariana got the notification system to work. She is now working on the automatic calculation and has run into some issues getting handlebar helper functions to work. She has almost gotten these issues resolved. She is also working on an OCR API call to read receipts. 

Mason has been working on getting the transaction log history to show up. He has also been working on the functionality of sending an expense. He has a basic functionality. He has mainly been working on data manipulation.

Tyler has been working on tailwind css to simplify css and make it global. He did the cloud hosting lab and he got it working and up on the internet. He ran into a few issues with this but got them resolved. He tried to add a dark mode, and he is going to continue trying ti implement this feature.

Connor has been working on some visual stuff. He added the deposit and withdrawal feature. He is now going to work on displaying transaction history.

Mohit suggested looking into Simplified debts resolution. He says we do not have to implement this but might as well take a gander.